Hello everyone, in today's video we are going to compare the
top two selling plans of IIC Loba,
namely Elevate Plan
and Health Advantage Plan. In today's video
I will compare the eligibility
criteria, basic features, optional riders
and discounts of both the plans. So do
watch the video till the end so that
all your doubts related to Health Advantage Plan and Elevate Plan get
cleared. Before starting the video,
I am Soni Chauhan, your financial
advisor. Entry age of Policy Hub's
youtube-dl is
18 years to maximum. There is no age limit in Elevate Plan,
whereas in Health Advantage Plan your age is
18 years to maximum 65 years.
If we talk about children, then in Elevate
Plan children along
with their parents are covered on floater basis from 91 days to maximum 30 years.
Whereas if
we talk about Health Advantage Plan, then
children along with their parents are covered on floater basis from 91 days
to maximum 30 years.  The cover is available on a floater basis for 25 years.
Talking about the policy tenure,
in both the plans you can pay premium for one year, two
years and maximum three years
together. Both the Elevate Plan and
Health Advantage Plan are
available on individual basis and are
also available on family floater basis.
Talking about the people wise, the
company has categorized both the plans in four zones,
that is Zone A, Zone B, Zone C and Zone D.
If I talk about the sum in shot of both the plans, then in the
Elevate Plan the company provides you the option of Rs 5 lakh,
7.5 lakh, 10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20 lakh, 25 lakh, 50 lakh,
1 crore, 3 crore and unlimited sum in
shot. Whereas if
we talk about the Health Advantage Plan, in
that plan the company provides you a sum in shot of Rs 5 lakh, 7.5 lakh, 15 lakh, 20 lakh, 25 lakh, 50 lakh, 75 lakh,
crore, 2 crore and 3 crore.
Talking about the basic features provided by the plan,
your inpatient
hospitalization is covered up to sum in the Elevate plan and Health Advantage plan,
which means there are no restrictions of any kind.
If a person is hospitalized for 24 hours or more, then
whatever expenses are incurred, the company will provide
coverage of up to sum in both the plans.
If I talk about room rent, then there is
no restriction of any kind regarding room rent in the plan, you can
take a room of any category. Whereas
if I talk about the Health Advantage plan, then
in sum inshot of Rs 20 lakh and less than Rs 20 lakh, the company provides you a single private AC room
and if the sum inshot is above Rs 20 lakh, then the
company does
not impose any restrictions on you, you
can take a room of any category.
Talking about emergency ICU charges, there
is no limitation in the Elevate plan
and there is no limitation in your Health Advantage plan either, which
means
In case of ICU, the company will cover you sum in
short, pre and post
hospitalization, that is,
medical expenses before admission and medical expenses after discharge, be it the
cost of your medicine,
doctor consultation fee or test
expenses, all these expenses are
covered in both your plans.
If I talk about Elevate plan, then the company
provides you pre hospitalization for 90 days
and post hospitalization for 180 days.
Whereas if I
talk about Health Advance plan, then
your pre hospitalization is for 60 days and
post hospitalization is for 180 days.
In case of organ donor, there is no limitation in both the plans.
Whatever
expense comes, the company will cover up to sum in short.
Next is your secondary
hospitalization.
Your domicile hospitalization is covered up to sum in short in both the plans, that
is, there is no restriction of any type.
Home care treatment is a
benefit only for you.  This will be available
under the Advantage Plan, in which the
company provides you with 5 sum inshots and a maximum coverage of Rs 1 lakh.
You will not get this benefit under the Elevate Plan.
Talking about AYUSH treatment, there is no limitation of any kind in the
case of AYUSH treatment in both the plans.
Whatever expenses are incurred, the company will cover your sum in shot.
Next is your modern
treatment. Even in the case of modern treatment, the
company provides you coverage of up to sum inshot under the Elevate Plan and Health Advantage Plan.
Next is your reset
benefit, that is, if your base sum inshot gets
exhausted due to any disease and if there is a need to
claim again for the same person or any other member of his family in the same time period, then the
company provides a re-claim equal to the base sum inshot.
If we talk about the Elivid Plan, then in this plan the company
provides you with unlimited restoration benefit, whereas if we
talk about the Health Advantage Plan, then the cover is 5 lakh and
7.5 lakh.  The company provides you a single time
restoration benefit, but
if the person's sum assured is Rs 10 lakh or
above, then in that case the company
provides you unlimited restoration benefit.
Next is your guaranteed cumulative
bonus. You will get this benefit in both the plans.
In this, the company provides you a
bonus of 20% of the sum assured in a claim-free year,
which increases every year
and you get a maximum bonus of up to 100%. The
bonus of both the plans
is your fixed bonus, which means that even
if there is a claim in the future, it will
not have any impact on your bonus. Your
bonus will never be reduced in the future.
Once received, it will be added to your policy for
life. Next
is your ambulance cover. Under the Elevate Plan and
Health Advantage Plan, the company
also provides you the facility of ambulance, in
which the company covers your actual cost, which
means there is no restriction of any kind
in the case of ambulance. Talking about air ambulance,
air ambulance is only
You will get this only under the Health Advantage plan, in
which the company provides you coverage of up to some Inshot.
Your air ambulance facility is not available in the Elevate plan.
Next is your annual health
checkup. This facility will also be available to you only
in the Health Advantage plan, that is,
this benefit is not available in the Elevate plan.
In Health Advantage, the company provides you a
health checkup of minimum Rs. 0.5 and maximum Rs. 10,000
on a yearly basis and
you can avail the health checkup benefit on a cashless basis.
Next is your animal
bite vaccination. You will get this benefit only
under the Health Advantage plan.
Animal bite vaccination is not available in the Elevate plan.
In the Health Advantage plan, the company provides you animal bite
vaccination coverage of up to Rs. 10,000.
Teleconsult:
You do not get teleconsultation benefit in the Elevate plan.
If we talk about the Health Advantage
plan, then in this you can avail unlimited
time  You can avail tele consultation benefit.
Next is your worldwide cover.
You will
not get worldwide cover under the Elevate plan. This benefit is available only
under your Health Advantage plan.
In this, if the customer's sum assured is Rs
25 lakh or above Rs 25 lakh, then
that person can also avail worldwide coverage under his policy, that is,
if that
person wants to go out of India for treatment, then
it is possible. Next benefit
is your surrogate mother and side donor.
If a person is taking inpatient treatment, then the
company provides coverage of up to Rs 5 lakh under both the plans.
Now we will talk
about the optional riders of both the plans, in which the
first one comes, which will be available under your insurance.
In this, the company
gives you an opportunity once in the entire policy lifetime
that if we need to claim more than our sum assured, then
we can claim the higher amount in one shot itself.
For example, if someone has  If you have
taken a sum insured of Rs 10 lakh and the first claim is
of Rs 90 lakh, then the company will settle it for Rs 90
lakh in one shot, which means the
customer will not have to make any payment of any kind.
This benefit is available only in the
Elevate plan as an optional rider.
Second is your Power Booster.
You will get the Power Booster benefit only
in the Avid plan. You can add
this benefit to your policy by paying an extra premium.
In this, the
company provides you a bonus of 100% of the sum insured,
which will
increase up to a maximum of unlimited sum insured,
which has no end, which means your
coverage will keep increasing whether you make a claim or not. The
third optional rider is your Jump Start
benefit. This optional rider
is available only in your Elevate plan.
This benefit is not available in the Health Advantage plan.
In this, if a person has
any pre-existing disease, i.e.
any medical condition like asthma, diabetes, hypertension before taking the policy, then  If there is
a problem like hyperlipidemia or obesity, then
that person can
reduce the waiting period for their child to 30 days, which
means that they will
not have to wait for a long time for their child. After 30 days,
all these diseases will be covered in their policy.
Next is your maternity
benefit, in which the company provides coverage for
maternity expenses,
newborn baby cover, and vaccination for
newborn baby in the first year after a waiting period of 2 years.
In case of maternity expenses, the company provides coverage of minimum 10 percent sum insured
and maximum up to 1 lakh rupees.
If we talk about the case of newborn baby, whatever is our
maternity sum insured, whatever is the maternity
amount, the two-thirds of this coverage is for the newborn
baby. And third is your
vaccination, in which the company covers your 1 percent sum insured
shot and maximum vaccination
expenses up to 10,000 rupees. Maternity benefit is available in
both your plans.
Fifth optional rider is your BeFit Optional
Rider. This benefit
is available only in your Elevate plan. In this, the
company covers your OPD expenses.
Sixth is your Claim Protector.
Claim Protector Optional Rider
is available in both the plans. By taking this benefit,
you can cover all the consumable items in your policy.
Seventh optional rider is your
Inflation Protector and Sum Shot
Protector. Both have the same meaning, that is, the
company
enhances our coverage by the same percentage by which our inflation rate increases.
In the Eleven plan, we know it as Inflation
Protector and
in the Health Advantage plan, we know it as Sum Inshot
Protector. Next
optional rider is your Domestic Air
Ambulance Cover. This optional rider is
available only in your Elevate plan.
By adding this benefit, you can add
air ambulance cover to your policy.  You can also add facilities. The
next optional rider is your
Conveyance Benefit. This optional rider is also
available only in your Avid plan.
In this, if a person gets continuously hospitalized for 10 days or
more,
then in that case the
company pays him a lump sum amount of
up to Rs. 2000000. The 10th optional rider
is your Nursing at Home, that is, you
can avail nursing facility at home, in
which the company covers your cost of Rs. 2000 per day.
You can take Nursing at Home Facility
as an optional rider in both the plans. The
11th optional rider is
your Compassionate Visit, that is, if a
person
goes to any other city or state for work or for the purpose of travelling and
his health deteriorates there, then
if any of his family members
comes to meet him by train or by air, then the
company will bear the expenses of his travel up to Rs. 20000.  This
optional rider is available in both plans.
You
can add it to your policy by paying an extra premium. The 12th
optional rider is your health checkup benefit. This
optional rider is available only in your Avid
plan, in which the company
provides you a health checkup benefit of ₹0.5 lakh and a maximum of ₹100,000
on a cashless basis. The 13th optional rider is your
critical illness rider. You can choose this rider as an
optional rider in both plans.
It covers some of the company's
listed critical illnesses. If
any of those illnesses is
diagnosed, the company pays
a lump sum amount to the customer. The
customer who has opted for the sum in short must be
50 years
of age or below to avail this benefit. Only then will the company
provide it. If I talk about the sum in shot, in
case of a critical illness, the
company provides a maximum sum in shot of up to ₹50 lakh.  The
14th optional rider is
your personal accident, in which the company covers your
death, permanent total disability and
permanent partial disability.
In this, you can take a sum assured of up to Rs 50 lakh.
If I talk about age, then
only persons between 18 years to 65 years can take personal accident age as an optional rider under IC Lombard's plan
and personal accident rider
is available in both your plans. You can add it according to your need. The
15th optional rider is your voluntary
copayment. Under the Elevate plan, the company provides you
copayment options of 10%, 20%, 30%, 40% and 50%.
Whereas, if we
talk about the Health Advantage plan, then in that plan, the
company provides you copayment options of 10% and 20%. The
16th
optional rider is your dependent accommodation
benefit. This benefit is available only to you
under the Elevate plan.  You can avail an optional rider.
This facility is not available in the Health Advantage plan. In this plan, if a
person is hospitalized and
a dependent is staying with them
in the hospital, the company provides them a cash benefit of ₹000 per day,
which is
available for a maximum of 10 days. The 177th
optional rider is your durable medical
equipment cover. This benefit is also available only in the
Avid plan as an
optional rider, in which the company
provides you coverage of up to ₹5 lakh.
Next is your teleconsultation, which means you
can also avail unlimited time teleconsultation benefit under your policy.
This optional rider
is available only in your Elevate plan.
Last but not the least, the room modification optional
rider is available only in your Elevate plan. By
adding this benefit,
you can modify your room and ICU.
Now we will discuss the
discounts of both the plans.  In which the first
comes your tenure discount, that is,
if a person pays the long term premium in one go, then the
company
provides a discount to them. In the Elevate Plan and Health
Advantage Plan, if a person is
paying a premium for 3 years, then the company provides a discount of 1% on the second year's
premium and a
discount of 15% on the third year's premium. The
second discount is your
discount on the base credit score.
You will get this discount only in the Health
Advantage Plan. In this, if
a customer's CIBIL score is very good, then
in that case the company provides them a discount of up to 15%. The
third
discount is your early renewal
discount. You will get this discount only
in the Elevate Plan.
This benefit is not available in the Health Advantage Plan.
If a person
renews his policy 30 days before the due date, then the
company provides him a discount of 2%.
Fourth is your wellness
discount. This discount will also be
available only in the Elevate Plan.
This benefit is not available in the Health Advantage Plan.  If a
person maintains his good
lifestyle and
completes the steps on a daily basis, then the
company gives him a chance to earn a discount of up to 30%.
It totally
depends on the customer. If he maintains his good
lifestyle, then
he will get a discount of up to 30%. So, let
us now compare the premiums of both the plans,
as you can
see on the screen. I have represented the premiums of Elevate
Plan and Health Advantage Plan
through a table, in
which
I have shown the premium of husband, wife and two children at the age of 35. The
premium that you can see on the screen
is excluding GST and
I have categorized it person wise,
that is, Jan A, Jan B, Jan C and Jan D. So from
here you can also compare your premiums.
If we talk about the waiting period, then the
initial waiting period of both the plans is
30 days, that is, after 30 days,
whatever seasonal and major disease you have,
like  Dengue, malaria, cancer, heart attack,
paralysis, stroke, all these diseases
are covered in both the plans after 30 days. If we talk about
specific disease waiting period, which
we also call slow growing diseases, those
diseases which take time to grow in our body
or which do
not require immediate surgery, for example,
stone, cataract,
hernia, piles, hip
joint replacement, then all these
diseases are covered in both your plans
after 2 years. If we
talk about pre-existing disease waiting period, then
in both the plans the company
imposes a PD waiting period of 3 years, that is,
before taking the policy, if a
person has any medical condition like
BP, diabetes, then those diseases will be
covered after 3 years of taking your policy. If we
talk about maternity waiting period, then in
both the plans the company
imposes a maternity waiting period of 2 years. And
if I talk about worldwide coverage, then
this  You will only get this benefit
in the Health Advantage plan, in which the company will
impose a two-year waiting period. And
lastly, your B-Fit benefit. This benefit is
available only in the Elevate plan, in which the company imposes a 30-day
waiting period. So, guys, this was a
comparison between the Elevate plan and the Health Advantage plan. I hope all your doubts are
cleared. If you
want to watch separate videos on
both plans, you
can also review our YouTube1 plan and Elevate plan. If you still have any
doubts, you can message in the comments section.
Our contact details and email address will be displayed on the screen.
From there, you can coordinate with us directly.
If you want to take out a fresh health
insurance policy or
port your existing policy, do
n't forget to coordinate with the Policy Hub team. We are always available for free consultation.
If you like my video, please
like and share it.  and
our
and